docs: Update PR templates (#7290)
triton-inference-server/server: .github/pull_request_template.md

#### What does the PR do?
_Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist._

#### Checklist
- [ ] Populated all fields in this template.
- [ ] Changes are described in the pull request, or an [existing issue is referenced](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/issues).
- [ ] Added [test plan](#test-plan) and verified test passes.
- [ ] Verified that the PR passes existing CI.
- [ ] Added _succinct_ git squash message before merging [ref](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

#### Type:
_remove any that do not apply_

- Feature
- Bugfix
- Enhancement
- Chore / doc / build etc

#### Where should the reviewer start?

> _call out specific files that should be looked at closely_

Reviewer: > Is there a way to specify placehold string? These should just be a guide on what to be filled into the section, ideally should be removed to make description clean

#### What does the PR do?
_Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist._

#### Checklist
- [ ] Populated all fields in this template.
- [ ] The PR title reflects the change.
- [ ] Changes are described in the pull request, or an [existing issue is referenced](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/issues).
- [ ] Added [test plan](#test-plan) and verified test passes.
- [ ] Verified that the PR passes existing CI.

> - [ ] Added _succinct_ git squash message before merging [ref](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Added _succinct_ git squash message before merging [ref](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).
- [ ] CodeQL suggestions resolved
- [ ] Lint Gods are pleased ( i.e. pre-commit checks are green )
```

Reviewer: I think this can be checked by GitHub action.

Reviewer 3: I would remove anything from the checklist that can be verified by PR rules in Github

Reviewer 2: My point was: in case of external contribution, we need to make contributors aware that these checks should pass. For example, multi-LoRA PR contributors ignored them until I pointed them.

Reviewer 3: external contributors are a bit tricky - as they can't run them until we run them - so  I can understand how they could initially ignore them.... don't have a good solution here.

Reviewer 2: Here's Llama-index example: https://github.com/run-llama/llama_index/pull/13060 
They have requirement in the template, as well as Lint checks in the github action. 
As a result, merge in first attempt, since template identified those requirements.

Reviewer 3: agreed, ``` I ran make format; make lint to appease the lint gods```

We can update to say ``pre-commit install, pre-commit run --all`` ?

Reviewer 2: agree

#### Type:
_remove any that do not apply_

- Feature
- Bugfix
- Enhancement
- Chore / doc / build etc

> #### Where should the reviewer start?

Reviewer: Actually should have a place for PR group if the change spans multiple PRs

Author: Added as a separate section

_call out specific files that should be looked at closely_

#### Test plan:
_list steps to verify_
_were e2e tests added?_

> 

Reviewer 2: Would it be useful to add final CI # here?

Reviewer 3: maybe once we move to the CI being able to add a comment on the request we can remove this from the template?

#### What does the PR do?
<!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

#### Checklist
- [ ] Populated all fields in this template.
- [ ] The PR title reflects the change.
- [ ] Changes are described in the pull request, or an [existing issue is referenced](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/issues).
- [ ] Added [test plan](#test-plan) and verified test passes.
- [ ] Verified that the PR passes existing CI.
- [ ] Added _succinct_ git squash message before merging [ref](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).
- [ ] CodeQL suggestions resolved

> - [ ] Lint Gods are pleased ( i.e. pre-commit checks are green )

Reviewer 4: can we add a screenshot checkbox? even if we tag it as (optional or if applicable)

Reviewer 4: woohoo! nice work!

> #### Type:

Reviewer 5: For the "Types", should we try to make use of Github's label feature since both seem to serve similar purpose? Seems like we can also edit the label names to match with our needs.

Author: Pushing back on lables since they are also used by github issues and it could be confusing to other people what the labels will be used.

Reviewer 3: If there is a standard way to see PRs for "features, Bugs, enhancement" by labels - I think it'd be worth it. Seems like context (issues vs PRs) would be clear in terms of what you are searching for. 

might get additional benefit from github filtering if we reuse labels. 

@nv-hwoo - do you have an example?

Reviewer 5: @nnshah1 @jbkyang-nvi Yeah labels are used both in issues and PRs but they can be filtered by key values. For instance, for enhancement label, we can use `is:issue` and `label:enhancement` to search for issues with enhancement label. Similarly, we can use `is:pr` and `label:enhancement` to filter PRs with the label. 

Haven't used Github labels that much so I'm not sure what's the best practice is (if there's any) but just thought they could be useful 🙂

> #### What does the PR do?

Reviewer 6: Thoughts on:
1. One template, adding an "External Contributor" section with a reminder of CLA requirement
or
2. Two templates: Internal and External Contributor? External one having CLA requirement as well has possibly fewer section like no Pipeline ID?

Reviewer 6: Aiming to reduce the overhead of external PRs having the extra round trip of "Hey, did you sign the CLA?"

Reviewer 3: I think two templates make sense - as it also would could have a section on pre-commit / code ql

> <!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

Reviewer 7: > you mean for pull_request_template.md

For this file, otherwise it is going to fail the `L0_copyrights`.

> <!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

Reviewer 3: @Tabrizian , @dyastremsky 

I believe we have discussed - but could we add L0_copyright into pre-commit hooks?

> <!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

Reviewer 8: I think we can add a GitHub action, similar to what's done today in [Triton CLI](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/triton_cli/blob/3f61b39888c2359a3549964dc447667049e5e5f3/.github/workflows/python-package.yaml#L62-L66) and [client](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/client/blob/7df8f6736c59b73668b0b6f8b0ce9f22c7a198c1/.github/workflows/python-package-genai.yml#L56-L60).

> <!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

Author: @Tabrizian I don't think our .github templates should need copyrights, it just includes clutter. Let's remove copyright checking for ISSUE_TEMPLATE and PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE folders. 

@dyastremsky  can you add a ticket for adding that to our repos?

> <!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

Reviewer 7: discussed offline resolving.

> <!-- Describe your pull request here. Please read the text below the line, and make sure you follow the checklist.-->

Reviewer 8: Created DLIS-6797, linked to this conversation. For whoever ends up working on it, I recommend using a GitHub action, not a pre-commit hook. We can copy use a similar approach used in the other repos linked above.

> #### Checklist

Reviewer 9: can you include checking/updating copyright years in this checklist?

> - [ ] Populated all fields in this template.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] All template sections are filled out.
```

> - [ ] The PR title reflects the change.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ]  PR title reflects the change.
```

> - [ ] Changes are described in the pull request, or an [existing issue is referenced](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/issues).

Reviewer 3: Would this be `and` instead of or?

```suggestion
- [ ] Changes are described in the pull request,
- [ ] Related issues are referenced.
```

- [ ] Added [test plan](#test-plan) and verified test passes.
- [ ] Verified that the PR passes existing CI.
- [ ] Added _succinct_ git squash message before merging [ref](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

> - [ ] CodeQL suggestions resolved

Reviewer 3: As above - Code QL and Lint should block merge no matter what - do we need it in checklist?

Reviewer 2: ditto

- [ ] Lint Gods are pleased (i.e. pre-commit checks are green)
- [ ] Optional: Additional screenshots for behavior/output changes with before/after.

#### Type:
- [ ] Feature

> - [ ] Bugfix

Reviewer 6: Should we just use the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) list if that's what we're going for here?

```
[
  'build',
  'chore',
  'ci',
  'docs',
  'feat',
  'fix',
  'perf',
  'refactor',
  'revert',
  'style',
  'test'
];
```

https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-conventional

Reviewer 6: And do we want to enforce having it in the PR title for automatic release notes / change logs?

ex:
```
chore: Update PR Template
```

Reviewer 3: like the idea of referencing an existing standard / practice

Reviewer 6: It looks like there are some github actions that can do either/both:
1. enforce PR titles follow the structure `<conventional_commit_type>: <Title>`
2. enforce commit messages follow `<conventional_commit_type>: <commit_message>`

I think (2) may be overkill or more of a "shock", but (1) could be nice to start with for automating the check.

- [ ] Enhancement
- [ ] Chore / doc / build etc
- [ ] Other (please specify)

#### Related PRs:
<!-- Related PRs from other Repositories -->

#### Where should the reviewer start?
<!-- call out specific files that should be looked at closely -->

#### Test plan:

> <!-- list steps to verify -->

Reviewer 3: Is pointing to the test sufficient here - or is there a different format for test plan?

<!-- were e2e tests added?-->

- CI Pipeline ID:
<!-- Only Pipeline ID and no direct link here -->

#### Caveats:
<!-- any limitations or possible things missing from this PR -->

> #### Any background context you want to provide?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Background
<!-- Any backround context you want to provide -->

```

<!-- e.g. what led to this change being made. this is optional extra information to help the reviewer -->

> #### Tickets: (use one of the action keywords Closes / Fixes / Resolves / Relates to)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Related Issues (use one of the action keywords Closes / Fixes / Resolves / Relates to)
```

Tweak to use github name - as this refers to github issues
